Update Known-issues.md (#3777)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/Known-issues.md

|:-----|:-----|:-----|:-----|
|Teams Planner integration with Planner online <br/> |Tasks buckets in Planner do not show up in Planner online experience.  <br/> |No workaround. <br/> |2/28/17  <br/>|

|**Issue title**|**Behavior / Symptom**|**Known workaround**|**Discovery date**|
|:-----|:-----|:-----|:-----|

> |Teams Planner integration with Planner online <br/> |Owners are unable to create a plan from a team created from a existing office 365 group.  <br/> |Give the menber permissions to the group owner. <br/> |1/14/20  <br/>|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Teams Planner integration with Planner online <br/> |Owners are unable to create a plan for a team created from an existing Office 365 group.  <br/> |Give member permissions to the group owner. <br/> |1/14/20  <br/>|
```
